# Hood College Weekly Connections for 2026-04-12

## Strongest Co-Mentions

- **Aaron Angello** and **Brooke Witherow** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Aaron Angello** and **Evelyn Nieves** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Aaron Angello** and **Kimberly Morse-Jones** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Aaron Angello** and **Nisha Manikoth** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Andrea Chapdelaine** and **Jordan Banks** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Andrea Chapdelaine** and **Lexie Page** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Andrea Chapdelaine** and **On November** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Andrea Chapdelaine** and **Phebe Frost** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Ashley Lancaster** and **Christian Villarosa** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Ashley Lancaster** and **Humanities Sociology** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Ashley Lancaster** and **Phil Bowers** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Ashley Lancaster** and **Students Write** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Ashley Lancaster** and **Work Search** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Brooke Witherow** and **Evelyn Nieves** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Brooke Witherow** and **Kimberly Morse-Jones** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Brooke Witherow** and **Nisha Manikoth** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Christian Villarosa** and **Humanities Sociology** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Christian Villarosa** and **Phil Bowers** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Christian Villarosa** and **Students Write** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Christian Villarosa** and **Work Search** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Derrick Harrigan** and **Humanities Sociology** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Derrick Harrigan** and **Nilah Magruder** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Derrick Harrigan** and **Paige Eager** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Evelyn Nieves** and **Kimberly Morse-Jones** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Evelyn Nieves** and **Nisha Manikoth** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Humanities Sociology** and **Nilah Magruder** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Humanities Sociology** and **Paige Eager** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Humanities Sociology** and **Phil Bowers** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Humanities Sociology** and **Students Write** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Humanities Sociology** and **Work Search** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jordan Banks** and **Lexie Page** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jordan Banks** and **On November** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jordan Banks** and **Phebe Frost** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Kimberly Morse-Jones** and **Nisha Manikoth** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Lexie Page** and **On November** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Lexie Page** and **Phebe Frost** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Nilah Magruder** and **Paige Eager** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **On November** and **Phebe Frost** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Phil Bowers** and **Students Write** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Phil Bowers** and **Work Search** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Students Write** and **Work Search** appeared together in 1 article(s).
