# Hood College Weekly Connections for 2026-03-22

## Strongest Co-Mentions

- **Joel White** and **Jude Huseby** appeared together in 2 article(s).
- **Joel White** and **Kullen Robinson** appeared together in 2 article(s).
- **Jude Huseby** and **Kullen Robinson** appeared together in 2 article(s).
- **Debbie Ricker** and **Kelly Schulz** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Debbie Ricker** and **Melissa Muntz** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Debbie Ricker** and **Paige Eager** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Derrick Harrigan** and **Nilah Magruder** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Diane Gallagher** and **Janet Fox** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Diane Gallagher** and **Jennifer Wenner** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Diane Gallagher** and **Katie Cheng** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Diane Gallagher** and **Patrick Morgan** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Diane Gallagher** and **Susan Pickett** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Janet Fox** and **Jennifer Wenner** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Janet Fox** and **Katie Cheng** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Janet Fox** and **Patrick Morgan** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Janet Fox** and **Susan Pickett** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jared Wagner** and **Joel White** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jared Wagner** and **Jude Huseby** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jared Wagner** and **Kullen Robinson** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jennifer Wenner** and **Katie Cheng** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jennifer Wenner** and **Patrick Morgan** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jennifer Wenner** and **Susan Pickett** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jevon Yarbrough** and **Joel White** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jevon Yarbrough** and **Jude Huseby** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jevon Yarbrough** and **Kullen Robinson** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jevon Yarbrough** and **Parker Neuenhaus** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jevon Yarbrough** and **Ryan Mee** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jevon Yarbrough** and **Shea Fitzgerald** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Joel White** and **Parker Neuenhaus** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Joel White** and **Ryan Mee** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Joel White** and **Shea Fitzgerald** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jude Huseby** and **Parker Neuenhaus** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jude Huseby** and **Ryan Mee** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Jude Huseby** and **Shea Fitzgerald** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Katie Cheng** and **Patrick Morgan** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Katie Cheng** and **Susan Pickett** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Kullen Robinson** and **Parker Neuenhaus** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Kullen Robinson** and **Ryan Mee** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Kullen Robinson** and **Shea Fitzgerald** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Parker Neuenhaus** and **Ryan Mee** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Parker Neuenhaus** and **Shea Fitzgerald** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Patrick Morgan** and **Susan Pickett** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Robin Fleming** and **Sonia Bowie** appeared together in 1 article(s).
- **Ryan Mee** and **Shea Fitzgerald** appeared together in 1 article(s).
